# SI664project
The project of SI664 Database Application Design
#proposal (draft)
Website name: ZAHA HADID's works.  In memory of the late female architect Zaha Hadid, this website is supported by tables collecting the data of her (and her team's) works among decades of practice. One similar website is Franklloyd Wright Foundation's (another well-known American architect) website (https://franklloydwright.org/). The data need to be retrieved including the name, summary, date, address (city, country, region), size (building area), cost, type (museum, fire station, statium, etc.), awards and links of image associated with each of her project no matter it's a built architecture or just a conceptual scheme. Most of the data collected would be shown in different pages including home, index, list and detail pages. The basic interactive element for logged-in end users is the filtering option based on several features. For example, region, genre, date and status (built or not) of her projects. 

The data will be categorized based on the type of Hadid's works and her background, which will be separated into at least six tables. Categories including Architecture works, planning schemes, publications, awards, interior design, furniture, career path and important people (her teachers, partners, students etc.).  To improve interaction, I think users should be able to to like and rate Hadid's works based on their preference, make comments on each projects, share links and pictures with others as well as filter and sort the site data. Users might also be able to vote for building a website of another contemporary architect whom they are curious about.
